[Music]
okay so this is a laptop that i was
really excited to get in
it's a device that's built to be really
powerful to have the best
possible performance but they've built
it into a chassis that's
not super thick right it's not like a
chunky boy and it has
excellent cooling and it's designed to
be cheaper
than the competition so traditionally
when you have a gaming laptop the way
that most companies will try to get the
best
performance from it is by pumping a lot
of wattage to the cpu
and the gpu mostly the gpu but in doing
so now you have a system that just
runs hotter right the more wattage you
have into this thing the you got to
figure out a way to
to get rid of the heat you have to get
rid of the heat or else you have systems
that just
don't perform properly so the easy way
to do that is by making these thick
systems but
this they did something a little bit
different so this is the prometheus 17
from electronics it's a brand that's
really popular with the sweaty laptop
nerds and my discord channel you i know
a lot of the
enthusiasts love this brand and this is
their newest device
so this is an inch or just under an inch
thick and yet
it has the performance of devices that
are significantly thicker so this has
the new amd 5800h
and an rtx 3070 the performance is
excellent like fast cpu
fast gpu fastened benchmarks fast in
adobe premiere
excellent in games like truly excellent
in games and keep in mind though that
this
is a 1440p panel so you do need more
powerful components to be able to feed
the screen resolution
but you can tell that this is an
incredibly powerful system like
this is only a 30 70. you can get up to
a 30 80 but even
at the 30 70 just look at this benchmark
here
this has the same graphics card
technically as a dash f15
or an msi gs66 but this is just a way
better performer and it boils down to
thermal capabilities they've designed
the thermal
solution inside the system to just
handle heat way better and the
difference
is significant there's also some new
software which is really geared towards
sweaty laptop nerves but i think it's
awesome you get extensive cpu
and gpu control you get fan control and
all this is really nice to have access
to to have this kind of customizability
from software that comes from the
manufacturer
not many brands are doing that but keep
in mind that this is
enthusiast level stuff right you can't
just crank everything to 11 and just
right just let it rip it's you have to
know what you're doing or just be aware
of what's happening before you just
tweak stuff in there
but to have that ability is nice
especially for the enthusiast
okay let's take a look at the inside to
see what's going on so
we have a back panel that needs to be
removed a little bit differently than
normal because there's some plastic tabs
in the top corners that
have to come off as well but inside you
have access to your
two nvmes your two ram slots your wi-fi
card and you can see
the thermal solution so this has five
heat pipes
and it's got four exhaust so it's vented
off pretty aggressively
i can't tell just by looking at it what
makes it so special
i'll be honest it's not like they have
some crazy orientation for the heat
pipes or they have like
you know six exhausts it's seemingly
relatively normal
maybe a little bit bigger on fans
maybe that's what it is but whatever
they're doing is just
really well done uh the battery down
here so this
is a 62 watt hour battery and it's small
there's no way to spin it it's a small
battery not just for
a gaming laptop but because this is a
17-inch gaming laptop
with a 1440p panel this stuff just
drinks a lot of juice
and this is a very small juice box i'm
barely getting three hours on this thing
like
two hours 48 minutes ran a couple tests
it's a short battery
now if you're someone who's on the
market for a powerful
desktop replacement system like this
chances are you're not too concerned
about battery life but
if you are this probably won't be the
system for you there's also
speakers like there's new speakers but
they sound
exactly like every speaker on a gaming
laptop
ever they suck this is a
better keyboard than the traditional
electronics mechanical keyboard so that
big rectangular thing that i don't
particularly love
this is a lot better the layout's good
and there's a number pad if you like it
but really
it's the fact that it's a simple
membrane keyboard this chiclet style
doesn't make for great marketing it's
like a regular keyboard but i think the
average person is going to like this
keyboard
a lot better so if you've been dissuaded
from
previous electronic laptops before
because of the keyboard this is
not that and the trackpad is big they do
have this feature where you can turn off
half of it and i've tried it like i
don't understand why n would
want that it feels strange to disable
half of it like laterally it's it's an
option though if you're into that
okay the screen so this is a 1440p panel
and if you're playing games
it's awesome right high resolution so
you can see stuff a little more clearly
really fast reasonably bright and
because the hardware is powerful it can
handle the higher resolution quite
easily
but keep in mind that it is a 1440p
panel and you kind of lock yourself into
that resolution
when it comes to games i've discussed
this before and people will say you know
there's
every advanced game has render scales
like obviously
developers have tried to do what they
can so that you don't play
with interpolation too badly but because
it's a 1440p
panel no matter what you do playing at
1080p resolution
there's slight scaling issues
it's just it's very slight but it is
noticeable especially when it comes to
targeting games so
if you're someone that's really sweaty
about competitive gaming
just keep that in mind and it also
affects like videos right if you're
watching
1080p videos or 4k videos because it's
1440p
and you want to watch it at that
resolution stuff can look
slightly askew again it's not a big deal
but i'm just putting it out there for
the people
that care me personally i love it i
welcome high resolutions
i like it for video editing i like it
for gaming so
there you have it i do want to talk
about the hinge because this really
concerned me when i first saw photos of
this device
the reason why it concerns is because
there have been laptops in the past
particularly lenovo's
i think they were like the y700s they
had a few laptops that used this type of
hinge where the
hinge is kind of closer to the center of
the laptop and
there's a couple things that come up
with this like when you open the device
you just put a little more torque on the
screen like it's
it's a little bit different from a side
mounted hinge where
you've lifted on the corner your hinge
just kind of goes up
with the the the force i don't know the
physical the physics term behind it but
you can clearly tell that when you open
device with a centered hinge
like look at this when i when i left it
open like you're just torquing this part
of it
a little bit more than a regular laptop
and on those devices those lenovo
devices
they had a ton of issues i don't think
there's anything wrong with the hinge
itself it was the hinge
mount they just had a bunch of bad
laptops like that and screens were
busting left right and center
i cannot tell if that's going to happen
with this device i can tell you that
when i open it up
you can see some metal inserts on the
mounting spots which is good
and there's no weird twisting sounds or
any creaks when i
open and close it it seems good but i
can't talk about the durability
this early on now the rest of the device
is a very simple
looking laptop it's got a very plain top
cover like
there's no branding or logos on it it's
just pure black
and there is a rgb light up
components like on each corner it's a
very simple light streak and you can
adjust the colors and software
i'm not crazy about rgb elements but
these are a nice touch to me
and the ports on this machine so there's
three usb a and one
usbc i feel like for a 2021 device there
should be
at least one more usbc or just you know
two and two would be good
but yeah the port selection is decent
there's also a full size
sd if you're into that and you have your
power lane
and all the like video outputs on the
back which is nice
but this is a very powerful system like
this delivers performance that you get
in the chunky boys like it really does
it's able to maintain
good clock speeds good temperatures and
under an inch thick it's pretty unique
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]
you